First draft to generate tv via run/tv/run script (#82)
opennetworkinglab/fabric-p4test: README.md

    ```

3. Clone `fabric-tofino` repo and follow instructions to compile fabric.p4 for
   Tofino:

   ```
   https://github.com/opencord/fabric-tofino.git
   cd fabric-tofino
   <open README and follow instructions>
   ```

4. Set the `FABRIC_TOFINO` environment variable to the location where you cloned
   `fabric-tofino`:

   ```
   export FABRIC_TOFINO=<path-to-fabric-tofino>
   ```

5. Set the optional `SDE_VERSION` environment variable. Default value is `9.0.0`
   
   ```
   export SDE_VERSION=9.0.0
   ```

6. Generate TestVectors using the `run/tv/run` script:

    ```
    ./run/tv/run <profile> [device] [portmap] [grpcaddr] [cpuport] [test-case]
    ```
   Default values for optional arguments are:
   1. `device`: `tofino`
   2. `portmap`: `portmap.veth.json`
   3. `grpcaddr`: `127.0.0.1:28000`
   4. `cpuport`: `320` for tofino and `255` for bmv2
   
   Example command with all the optional arguments set:

   ```
   ./run/tv/run fabric DEVICE=tofino PORTMAP=port_map.hw.json GRPCADDR=10.128.13.111:28000 CPUPORT=320 TEST=test.FabricBridgingTest
   ```

    **NOTE:** Testing `all` profiles is not supported on this target. You must
    execute the run command for each profile.

>     To run all test cases for the basic `fabric` profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To generate TestVectors for the basic `fabric` profile:
```

    ```
    ./run/tv/run fabric
    ```

>     To run a specific test case against a specific fabric profile,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To generate a specific test case for a specific fabric profile,
```
